Ce faci astazi? --- What are you doing today?
Vreau sa ies in oras. --- I want to go out in town.
Am terminat munca. --- I finished work.
Vreau sa vorbesc cu tine. --- I want to talk to you.
Ma simt obosit. --- I feel tired.
Vreau sa merg la plaja. --- I want to go to the beach.
Ce ai facut azi-noapte? --- What did you do last night?
Vreau sa vad un film. --- I want to watch a movie.
Ce parere ai despre asta? --- What is your opinion on this?
Sunt foarte fericit. --- I am very happy.
Trebuie sa merg la serviciu. --- I have to go to work.
Vreau sa iau o pauza. --- I want to take a break.
Ce planuri ai pentru weekend? --- What are your plans for the weekend?
Ma simt bine. --- I feel good.
Vreau sa joc un joc video. --- I want to play a video game.
Ce te face fericit? --- What makes you happy?
Trebuie sa termin acest proiect. --- I have to finish this project.
Vreau sa merg la o petrecere. --- I want to go to a party.
Sunt trist. --- I am sad.
Vreau sa citesc o carte. --- I want to read a book.
Ce ai face daca ai avea o zi libera? --- What would you do if you had a day off?
Ma simt stresat. --- I feel stressed.
Vreau sa merg la un concert. --- I want to go to a concert.
Ce te face sa te simti mai bine? --- What makes you feel better?
Trebuie sa trimit acest email. --- I have to send this email.
Vreau sa merg la un muzeu. --- I want to go to a museum.
Sunt fericit sa te vad. --- I am happy to see you.
Vreau sa iau o cafea. --- I want to have a coffee.
Ce te face sa te simti rau? --- What makes you feel bad?
Ma simt confuz. --- I feel confused.
Vreau sa merg la un parc. --- I want to go to a park.
Ce te face sa zambesti? --- What makes you smile?
Trebuie sa termin acest raport. --- I have to finish this report.
Vreau sa merg la un restaurant. --- I want to go to a restaurant.
Sunt fericit sa fiu aici. --- I am happy to be here.
Vreau sa iau o plimbare. --- I want to take a walk.
Ce te face sa te gandesti la viitor? --- What makes you think about the future?
Ma simt bine cu tine. --- I feel good with you.
Ma uit la un film --- I am watching a movie
Jucam tenis --- We are playing tennis
Merg la plaja --- I am going to the beach
Facem o excursie --- We are going on a trip
Imi petrec timpul cu prietenii --- I am spending time with friends
Ma joc video-jocuri --- I am playing video games
Imi fac temele --- I am doing my homework
Fac cumparaturi --- I am shopping
Imi place sa gatesc --- I love cooking
Am o zi obositoare la munca --- I had a tiring day at work
Ma plimb in parc --- I am walking in the park
Imi petrec weekend-ul cu familia --- I am spending the weekend with family
Ma uit la televizor --- I am watching TV
Jucam fotbal --- We are playing soccer
Merg la teatru --- I am going to the theater
Fac yoga --- I am doing yoga
Imi petrec timpul cu cainii --- I am spending time with dogs
Ma joc cu copiii --- I am playing with children
Imi fac planuri pentru vacanta --- I am making plans for vacation
Fac curatenie in casa --- I am cleaning the house
Imi place sa creez bijuterii --- I love making jewelry
Am un interviu de angajare astazi --- I have a job interview today
Ma plimb prin oras --- I'm walking around the city
Imi petrec timpul cu iubitul/iubita --- I am spending time with my boyfriend/girlfriend
Jucam carti --- We are playing cards
Merg la mare --- I am going to the sea
Fac sport --- I am doing sports
Imi petrec timpul cu prietenii la un bar --- I am spending time with friends at a bar
Ma joc cu telefonul mobil --- I am playing with my cell phone
Imi fac un masaj --- I am getting a massage
Fac un gratar --- I am making a barbecue
Imi place sa citesc --- I love reading
Am o zi lunga la munca --- I have a long day at work
Ma plimb prin padure --- I am walking through the forest
Imi petrec timpul cu nepotii --- I am spending time with my grandchildren
Jucam baschet --- We are playing basketball
Merg la opera --- I am going to the opera
Fac un curs de gatit --- I am taking a cooking class
Imi petrec timpul cu animalele --- I am spending time with animals
Ma joc cu niste jucarii --- I am playing with some toys
Imi fac o salata --- I am making a salad
Fac voluntariat --- I am volunteering
Imi place sa calatoresc --- I love traveling
Am o intalnire de afaceri --- I have a business meeting
Ma plimb pe malul lacului --- I am walking by the lake
Suntem la picnic --- We are at the picnic
Vreau sa merg la plimbare cu bicicleta --- I want to go for a bike ride
Vremea este frumoasa azi --- The weather is nice today
Citesc o carte interesanta --- I am reading an interesting book
Ma duc sa fac curat in casa --- I am going to clean the house
Jucam un joc video --- We are playing a video game
Imi petrec timpul liber cu prietenii --- I spend my free time with friends
Suntem o familie unita --- We are a united family
Gatim cina impreuna --- We cook dinner together
Muncesc la birou --- I work at the office
Ma simt bine astazi --- I feel good today
Ma duc sa joc tenis --- I am going to play tennis
Vreau sa fac o plimbare cu rolele --- I want to go for a rollerblade ride
Vremea este ploioasa astazi --- The weather is rainy today
Citesc un roman --- I am reading a novel
Ma duc sa fac curat in gradina --- I am going to clean the garden
Jucam o partida de sah --- We are playing a game of chess
Imi petrec timpul liber cu familia --- I spend my free time with family
Gatim o prajitura --- We are baking a cake
Muncesc acasa --- I work from home
Ma simt trist astazi --- I feel sad today
Ma duc la pescuit --- I am going fishing
Vreau sa merg la o plimbare cu patinele --- I want to go for a skate ride
Vremea este calda astazi --- The weather is warm today
Citesc o biografie --- I am reading a biography
Ma duc sa fac curat in baie --- I am going to clean the bathroom
Jucam un joc de societate --- We are playing a board game
Imi petrec timpul liber la cinema --- I spend my free time at the cinema
Gatim o pizza --- We are cooking pizza
Muncesc la proiect --- I work on a project
Ma simt energic astazi --- I feel energetic today
Ma duc sa joc baschet --- I am going to play basketball
Vreau sa merg la plimbare cu cainii --- I want to go for a walk with the dogs
Vremea este rece astazi --- The weather is cold today
Citesc o poezie --- I am reading a poem
Ma duc sa fac curat in camera --- I am going to clean the room
Jucam un joc de strategie --- We are playing a strategy game
Imi petrec timpul liber la parc --- I spend my free time at the park
Gatim o ciorba --- We are cooking soup
Muncesc la teren --- I work on site
Ma simt relaxat astazi --- I feel relaxed today
Ma duc sa joc fotbal --- I am going to play soccer
Ma uit la televizor --- I'm watching TV
Merg la piata sa cumpar legume --- I'm going to the market to buy vegetables
Vorbeste cu prietenul tau --- Talk to your friend
Imi place sa citesc carti --- I like to read books
Este o zi frumoasa afara --- It's a beautiful day outside
Fac curatenie in casa --- I'm cleaning the house
Jucam joc de societate --- We're playing a board game
Merg la magazin sa cumpar paine --- I'm going to the store to buy bread
Imi petrec timpul cu familia mea --- I'm spending time with my family
Fac un picnic cu prietenii --- I'm having a picnic with friends
Curgem biciclete prin parc --- We're riding bikes in the park
Este un vant puternic afara --- It's a strong wind outside
Gatim cina impreuna --- We're cooking dinner together
Imi place sa pictez --- I like to paint
Merg la munca --- I'm going to work
Discutam despre planurile pentru weekend --- We're talking about plans for the weekend
Imi place sa fac sport --- I like to do sports
Fac o plimbare prin parc --- I'm taking a walk in the park
Este o zi ploioasa afara --- It's a rainy day outside
Citesc o revista --- I'm reading a magazine
Imi petrec timpul cu prietenii mei --- I'm spending time with my friends
Fac un joc video --- I'm playing a video game
Imi place sa cant la chitara --- I like to sing guitar
Este o zi insorita afara --- It's a sunny day outside
Discutam despre politica --- We're talking about politics
Merg la piscina cu prietenii --- I'm going to the pool with friends
Imi place sa imi petrec timpul liber cu animalele mele --- I like to spend my free time with my pets
Curgem biciclete prin oras --- We're riding bikes through the city
Fac un puzzle --- I'm doing a puzzle
Este o zi rece afara --- It's a cold day outside
Imi place sa fac yoga --- I like to do yoga
Discutam despre viata personala --- We're talking about personal life
Merg la cumparaturi cu mama mea --- I'm going shopping with my mother
Citesc o carte pentru copii --- I'm reading a children's book
Fac curatenie in gradina --- I'm cleaning the garden
Imi place sa fac o plimbare in natura --- I like to go for a walk in nature
Este o zi calda afara --- It's a warm day outside
Discutam despre vacanta noastra viitoare --- We're talking about our future vacation
Merg la teatru cu prietenii --- I'm going to the theater with friends
Ce faci in timpul liber? --- What do you do in your free time?
Ce activitati ai facut astazi acasa? --- What activities did you do today at home?
Ce ai facut astazi afara? --- What did you do today outside?
Te place sa faci gradinarit? --- Do you like gardening?
Ai creste animale? --- Do you raise animals?
Ai animale de companie? --- Do you have pets?
Mergi des la piata sau la magazin? --- Do you often go to the market or store?
Ce parere ai despre interactiunea dintre oameni? --- What is your opinion on interaction between people?
Ce hobby-uri ai? --- What hobbies do you have?
Ti-e place sa mergi cu bicicleta? --- Do you like going by bike?
Cum e vremea astazi? --- What's the weather like today?
Ce ai citit ultima data? --- What did you read last time?
Te place sa faci curatenie? --- Do you like cleaning?
Ce jocuri te distrezi cel mai mult? --- What games do you have the most fun with?
Ce prieteni ai? --- What friends do you have?
Ce face familia ta? --- What is your family doing?
Ce gatesti cel mai des? --- What do you cook the most often?
Ce munca faci? --- What work do you do?
Cum te simti astazi? --- How do you feel today?
Ce planuri ai pentru weekend? --- What are your plans for the weekend?
Te place sa calatoresti? --- Do you like to travel?
Ce activitati sportive faci? --- What sports activities do you do?
Ce filme te-ai uitat ultima data? --- What movies did you watch last time?
Ce muzica asculti? --- What music do you listen to?
Ce carti recomanzi? --- What books do you recommend?
Ce mancaruri preferate ai? --- What are your favorite foods?
Ce bauturi preferate ai? --- What are your favorite drinks?
Ce sporturi urmaresc cel mai des? --- What sports do you watch the most often?
Ce animalut te-ai dori sa ai? --- What animal would you like to have?
Ce job ai vrea sa ai? --- What job would you like to have?
Ce loc ai vrea sa vizitezi? --- What place would you like to visit?
Ce activitati te fac sa te relaxezi? --- What activities make you relax?
Ce ai face daca ai castiga la loterie? --- What would you do if you won the lottery?
Ce ai face daca ai fi milionar? --- What would you do if you were a millionaire?
Ce parere ai despre starea actuala a lumii? --- What is your opinion on the current state of the world?
Ce planuri ai pentru weekend? --- What are your plans for the weekend?
Te joci jocuri video? --- Do you play video games?
Ce carte citesti acum? --- What book are you reading now?
Ai plantat flori in gradina ta? --- Have you planted flowers in your garden?
Ce animale ai in casa? --- What animals do you have at home?
Ai mers la pescuit recent? --- Have you gone fishing recently?
Ce ai facut astazi afara? --- What did you do outside today?
Ai mers la piata sa cumperi legume proaspete? --- Have you gone to the market to buy fresh vegetables?
Cum ai petrecut ziua cu prietenii tai? --- How did you spend the day with your friends?
Ce hobby-uri ai? --- What hobbies do you have?
Ai facut o plimbare cu bicicleta azi? --- Did you go for a bike ride today?
Care e vremea astazi? --- What's the weather like today?
Ai curatat casa astazi? --- Did you clean the house today?
Ce jocuri jucati cu familia ta? --- What games do you play with your family?
Ce ai gatit pentru cina astazi? --- What did you cook for dinner today?
Cum ti-e starea de spirit astazi? --- How are you feeling today?
Ce planuri ai pentru ziua de maine? --- What are your plans for tomorrow?
Ai ingrijit animalele tale astazi? --- Have you taken care of your pets today?
Ai mers la cumparaturi la magazin astazi? --- Did you go shopping at the store today?
Cum te simti cand esti cu prietenii tai? --- How do you feel when you are with your friends?
Ai mers la picnic recent? --- Have you gone on a picnic recently?
Ce ai facut in weekend-ul trecut? --- What did you do last weekend?
Ai jucat table sau sah cu cineva recent? --- Have you played table or chess with someone recently?
Ce sporturi te place sa joci? --- What sports do you like to play?
Ai mers la plaja recent? --- Have you gone to the beach recently?
Ce filme ai vazut in ultimul timp? --- What movies have you seen lately?
Ai mers la parc recent? --- Have you gone to the park recently?
Ce activitati faci cand esti singur acasa? --- What activities do you do when you're alone at home?
Ai mers la cumparaturi la mall recent? --- Have you gone shopping at the mall recently?
Ce te faci pentru a te relaxa? --- What do you do to relax?
Ai mers la o expozitie recent? --- Have you gone to an exhibition recently?
Ce ai invatat nou astazi? --- What have you learned today?
Ai mers la cinema recent? --- Have you gone to the cinema recently?
Ce nume ai? --- What is your name?
Unde te-ai născut? --- Where were you born?
Când te-ai născut? --- When were you born?
Ce meserie ai? --- What is your profession?
Câți ani ai? --- How old are you?
Ce școli ai absolvit? --- What schools have you attended?
Ce locuri ai călătorit? --- What places have you traveled to?
Ce îți place să faci în timpul liber? --- What do you like to do in your free time?
Ce hobby-uri ai? --- What are your hobbies?
Ce părere ai despre viață? --- What is your opinion on life?
Ce credințe religioase ai? --- What religious beliefs do you have?
Ce fel de muzică îți place? --- What kind of music do you like?
Ce fel de filme îți place? --- What kind of movies do you like?
Ce fel de cărți îți place să citești? --- What kind of books do you like to read?
Ce fel de alimente îți place să mănânci? --- What kind of food do you like to eat?
Ce fel de activități fizice îți place să faci? --- What kind of physical activities do you like to do?
Ce locuri te atrag? --- What places attract you?
Ce job îți dorești pentru viitor? --- What job do you want for the future?
Ce țări vrei să călătorești în viitor? --- What countries do you want to travel to in the future?
Ce vrei să faci în viitor? --- What do you want to do in the future?
Ce vrei să îmbunătățești despre tine în viitor? --- What do you want to improve about yourself in the future?
Ce obiceiuri ai? --- What are your habits?
Ce îți place cel mai mult la tine? --- What do you like the most about yourself?
Ce îți place cel mai puțin la tine? --- What do you like the least about yourself?
Ce calități ai? --- What are your qualities?
Ce defecte ai? --- What are your flaws?
Ce provocări ai întâmpinat în viață? --- What challenges have you faced in life?
Ce îți place cel mai mult la viață? --- What do you like the most about life?
Am mers la magazin --- I went to the store
Merg la mare in vacanta --- I am going to the beach on vacation
Am cumparat o prajitura --- I bought a cake
Cumpar o rochie --- I am buying a dress
Am citit o carte ieri --- I read a book yesterday
Citesc o carte acum --- I am reading a book now
Voi citi o carte maine --- I will read a book tomorrow
Am facut o reteta --- I made a recipe
Fac o reteta acum --- I am making a recipe now
Voi face o reteta mâine --- I will make a recipe tomorrow
Am vazut un film --- I saw a movie
Vizionez un film acum --- I am watching a movie now
Voi viziona un film maine --- I will watch a movie tomorrow
Am mancat pizza --- I ate pizza
Mănânc un sandviș acum --- I am eating a sandwich now
Voi mânca un sandviș mâine --- I will eat a sandwich tomorrow
Am baut un suc --- I drank a juice
Beau un suc acum --- I am drinking a juice now
Voi bea un suc maine --- I will drink a juice tomorrow
Am auzit o melodie --- I heard a song
Ascult o melodie acum --- I am listening to a song now
Voi asculta o melodie mâine --- I will listen to a song tomorrow
Am scris o scrisoare --- I wrote a letter
Scriu o scrisoare acum --- I am writing a letter now
Voi scrie o scrisoare mâine --- I will write a letter tomorrow
Am cântat la chitară --- I sang with the guitar
Cânt la chitară acum --- I am singing with the guitar now
Voi cânta la chitară mâine --- I will sing with the guitar tomorrow
Am dansat salsa --- I danced salsa
Dansez salsa acum --- I am dancing salsa now
Voi dansa salsa mâine --- I will dance salsa tomorrow
Am jucat tenis --- I played tennis
Joc tenis acum --- I am playing tennis now
Voi juca tenis mâine --- I will play tennis tomorrow
Am făcut o plimbare --- I took a walk
Fac o plimbare acum --- I am taking a walk now
Voi face o plimbare mâine --- I will take a walk tomorrow
Am luat un autobuz --- I took a bus
Iau un autobuz acum --- I am taking a bus now
Voi lua un autobuz mâine --- I will take a bus tomorrow
Am facut un telefon --- I made a phone call
Fac un telefon acum --- I am making a phone call now
Voi face un telefon mâine --- I will make a phone call tomorrow
Am studiat --- I studied
Eu cânt --- I sing
El va merge la plimbare --- He will go for a walk
Tu ai vorbit cu prietenul tău --- You spoke to your friend
Noi am cumpărat fructe --- We bought fruits
Ei vor juca fotbal --- They will play soccer
Tu ai făcut temele --- You did your homework
Eu am mers la munte --- I went to the mountain
El va fi acasă mâine --- He will be home tomorrow
Noi am vizitat muzeul --- We visited the museum
Tu ai citit această carte --- You read this book
Ei vor înota în piscină --- They will swim in the pool
Eu am mers la cumpărături --- I went shopping
El a mers la serviciu --- He went to work
Noi am mers la film --- We went to the movie
Tu ai mers la bibliotecă --- You went to the library
Ei vor călători în străinătate --- They will travel abroad
Eu am mers la teatru --- I went to the theater
El a făcut o plimbare în parc --- He took a walk in the park
Noi am făcut un picnic în parc --- We had a picnic in the park
Tu ai mers la petrecere --- You went to the party
Ei vor merge la grădina zoologică --- They will go to the zoo
Eu am mers la piață --- I went to the market
El a mers la mare --- He went to the sea
Noi am mers la schi --- We went skiing
Tu ai mers la restaurant --- You went to the restaurant
Ei vor merge la concert --- They will go to the concert
Eu am mers la parc acvatic --- I went to the water park
El a mers la cumpărături cu prietenul său --- He went shopping with his friend
Noi am mers la film cu familia --- We went to the movie with family
Tu ai mers la sală de sport --- You went to the gym
Ei vor merge la acvariu --- They will go to the aquarium
Eu am mers la expoziție --- I went to the exhibition
El a mers la plajă --- He went to the beach
Noi am mers la picnic în parc --- We went for a picnic in the park
Tu ai mers la aeroport --- You went to the airport
Ei vor merge la camping --- They will go camping
Eu am mers la călătorie cu prietenii mei --- I went on a trip with my friends
